{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li0\ri0\fi0\f1\fs24
{\f1\fs24 Braberg, H.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  SALIGN: a web server for alignment of multiple protein sequences and structures. }{\f1\fs24\i Structural Bioinformatics}{\f1\fs24  2012;28(15):2072-2073.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Carugo, O. and Pongor, S. Protein Fold Similarity Estimated by a Probabilistic Approach Based on C-alpha-C-alpha Distance Comparison. }{\f1\fs24\i J. Mol. Biol.}{\f1\fs24  2002;315:887-898.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Cliff, M.J.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Conformational Diversity in the TPR Domain-Mediated Interaction of Protein Phosphatase 5 with Hsp90. }{\f1\fs24\i Structure}{\f1\fs24  2006;14:415-426.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Das, A.K., Cohen, P.T.W. and Barford, D. The structure of the tetratricopeptide repeats of protein phosphatase 5: implications for TPR-mediated protein-protein interactions. }{\f1\fs24\i The EMBO Journal}{\f1\fs24  1998;17(5):1192-1199.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Everitt, B.S., Landau, S. and Leese, M. Cluster Analysis. Great Britain: Arnold; 2001.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Groves, M.R. and Barford, D. Topological Characteristics of Helical Repeat Proteins. }{\f1\fs24\i Current Opinion in Structural Biology}{\f1\fs24  1999;9:383-389.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Hammani, K.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Helical repeats modular proteins are major players for organelle gene expression. }{\f1\fs24\i Biochimie}{\f1\fs24  2014;100:141-150.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Hinds Jr, T.D. and Sanchez, E.R. Protein Phosphatase 5. }{\f1\fs24\i Int J Biochem Cell Biol.}{\f1\fs24  2008;40(11):2358-2362.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Holm, L. and Sander, C. Protein Structure Comparison by Alignment of Distance Matrices. }{\f1\fs24\i Journal of Molecular Biology}{\f1\fs24  1993;233:123-138.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Kurochkina, N. Specific sequence combinations at parallel and antiparallel helix-helix interfaces. }{\f1\fs24\i Journal of Theoretical Biology}{\f1\fs24  2008;225:188-198.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Kurochkina, N.A. and Iadarola, M.J. Helical assemblies: Structure determinants. }{\f1\fs24\i Journal of Theoretical Biology}{\f1\fs24  2015;369:80-84.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Loeliger, J. Version Control with Git. Sebastopol, CA, USA: O'Reilly; 2009.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Madhusudhan, M.S.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Variable gap penalty for protein sequence-structure alignment. }{\f1\fs24\i Protein Engineering, Design & Selection}{\f1\fs24  2006;19(3):129-133.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Madhusudhan, M.S.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Alignment of multiple protein structures based on sequence and structure features. }{\f1\fs24\i Protein Engineering, Design & Selection}{\f1\fs24  2009;22(9):569-574.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Main, E.R.G.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Design of Stable\u160? Alpha-Helical Arrays from an Idealized TPR Motif. }{\f1\fs24\i Structure}{\f1\fs24  2003;11:497-508.\par }
{\f1\fs24 McMahon, E. Identification and analysis of TPR domains through structure and sequence relationships (Unpublished Report). In.: Institute of Structural and Molecular Biology, Dept. of Biological Sciences, Birkbeck, University of London.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Perry, A.J.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Convergent Evolution of Receptors for Protein Import into Mitochondria. }{\f1\fs24\i Current Biology}{\f1\fs24  2006;16:221-229.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Petsko, G.A. and Ringe, D. Protein Structure and Function. London, UK: New Science Press Ltd; 2004.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Prasad, B.D., Goel, S. and Krishna, P. }{\f1\fs24\i In Silico}{\f1\fs24 \u160?Identification of the Carboxylate Clamp Type Tetratricopeptide Repeat Proteins in }{\f1\fs24\i Arabidopsis}{\f1\fs24 \u160?and Rice as Putative Co-Chaperones of Hsp90/Hsp70. }{\f1\fs24\i PLoS ONE}{\f1\fs24  2010;5(9):e12761.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Sikorski, R.S.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  A Repeating Amino Acid Motif in CDC23 Defines a Family of Proteins and a New Relationship among Genes Required for Mitosis and RNA Synthesis. }{\f1\fs24\i Cell}{\f1\fs24  1990;60:307-317.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Taylor, D. Sams Teach Yourself Unix in 24 Hours. USA: Sams Publishing; 2001.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Teetor, P. R Cookbook. Sebastopol, CA, USA: O'Reilly; 2011.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Ye, Y. and Godzik, A. Flexible structure alignment by chaining aligned fragment pairs allowing twists. }{\f1\fs24\i Bioinformatics}{\f1\fs24  2003;19(Suppl. 2):ii246-ii255.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Ye, Y. and Godzik, A. Database searching by flexible protein structure alignment. }{\f1\fs24\i Protein Science}{\f1\fs24  2004;13:1841-1850.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Ye, Y. and Godzik, A. FATCAT: a web server for flexible structure comparison and structure similarity searching. }{\f1\fs24\i Nucleic Acids Research}{\f1\fs24  2004;32:W582-W585.\par }
{\f1\fs24 Yuzawa, S.}{\f1\fs24\i , et al.}{\f1\fs24  Structural basis for interaction between the conserved cell polarity proteins Inscuteable and Leu-Gly-Asn repeat-enriched protein (LGN). }{\f1\fs24\i PNAS}{\f1\fs24  2011;108(48):19210-19215.\par }}